in this video we're going to take a look
at rocketdock a fun little desktop
enhancement that makes it easy to find
and launch your favorite programs so
let's start the program and see what it
can do to the start menu and launch
rocket dock okay so this is the basic
dock that appears after running the
program for the first time to select an
item from the dock you simply move your
mouse over it and then click you'll
notice that items become bigger as you
select them
okay let's just close out for now it's
easy to add items to the dark to simply
drag an icon over to the dock to add it
you can drag from the desktop or from
the start menu just click hold your
mouse button down dragged to where you
want it and then let go and there it is
on the dock to remove an icon from the
dark simply right-click on it and select
delete item this only removes the
shortcut from the dock it doesn't remove
the whole program from your computer
let's take a look at a couple of other
options to access them right click on
any icon in the dark and choose dark
settings
there are lots of settings you can
experiment with but we'll drill down to
the most important ones let's start with
the general tab if you want the doc to
appear whenever you start your PC select
this option here run at startup you can
also have your open windows minimize to
the dark instead of to the taskbar if
you want that to happen choose this
option minimize windows to the doc it's
also possible to have the dark open on
different sides of the screen or on a
different monitor click on position here
and then choose top bottom left or right
if you have multiple monitors you can
also choose which monitor to use using
this drop-down box here there are lots
of other options too so don't be afraid
to experiment if you change something
and you don't like the results you can
always click on defaults here to reset
all the options when you're done making
changes click on ok that concludes our
brief tour of rocket dog have fun
playing and experimenting with this cool
little add-on